the goal of our lead magnet which is one
of the main kpis in my business
is to give them an experience with our
content because when the mum puts on the
earbuds and presses play
and sits there for 20 minutes and all of
the stress of the commute getting cut
off the road rage incident
the boss the office cubicle she doesn't
like when all that washes away
and then the kids show up after that and
she's present and she's grounded with
them
and the whole evening is a totally
different experience because of that one
thing she did in between
that came from a free thing we offered
her from a pop-up on our blog
boom we've won i don't look at the win
for us as
i made a sale i look at the win when she
has that experience and feels
something shift in her life the
transformation moment if we put
barriers to transformation if we're like
okay i can help the world but i'm only
gonna transform those who give
this guy money you're shooting yourself
in the foot because most people are
gonna look at your sales page be like i
don't trust you
there's scammers all over like i don't
trust you i don't believe it's gonna
work i don't believe it'll work for me i
don't think i can trust you with my
credit card i don't trust any of it and
so they don't buy
whereas when you move the minor
transformation that little step in the
direction of their goals when you move
that before the transaction
the trust factor changes the rest of the
numbers from that point on
change significantly there's plenty of
data to prove all of this
demonstrate your ability to help them
get the results they desire
before asking for a sale and surprise
surprise you'll get a lot more people
lining up with credit cards at hand
saying that was great
where can i get more
you